Previously on Hostages...
You are going to kill the President
of the United States, Ellen.
Otherwise, we will kill your family.
We need to end
this investigation tonight.
And how are we supposed to do that?
We give them somebody to blame.
- Everything go okay with the nurse?
- Yeah. Yeah, we're good.
- We're going to escape.
- What?
I'll stay behind,
I'll act as a decoy.
- Where's your wife, Brian?
- Gone.
Where is she?
I'll meet you at the bus station
on Glebe at 2:00 p.m.
Where are Mom and Dad?
They should be here by now.
Mom said they'd come.
Let's give her some time.
Keep going, sweetheart.
He doesn't know where you are.
We did it. Just keep...
Oh, God!
He's still alive, but I have
no idea how long he'll last.
That's up to you, Doctor.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Get him up.
Get me all the towels
you can find.
Give me your knife.
I searched a four-block radius
around the school.
The kids are in the wind.
You shot him,
now you're trying to save him?
I need you to check
the local police scanners,
see if any cars were stolen
near the high school.
And check all the surveillance video
you can.
Airports, train stations, and bus stations.
- Jake and Morgan can't have gone far.
- And Ellen?
- She'll come back for him.
- No, she won't.
- Mom and Dad should be here by now.
- I know.
Morgan?
Do we get on the bus or not?
Let's get on the next bus.
- Where the hell is Archer?
- I don't know.
Find him.
Tell him to get his ass back here.
If we don't do something soon,
this guy's gonna die.
Just get a hold of Archer.
No cars are reported stolen
near the kids' school.
- Airport surveillance footage is a bust.
- Keep looking.
This is taking too long.
- Where is your family?
- They're gone.
Wrong answer.
- Let's try this again. Where are they?
- Go to hell.
Stop it!
If you want my help, get that
woman away from my husband.
1.05 - Truth and Consequences
Sync and corrected by Elderfel
www.addic7ed.com
You don't want him to die.
The kids are gone.
If you lose Brian,
you have no leverage over me,
and I'll never do what you want.
Step off. Now.
Ellen, no...
Oh, God. There's too much damage.
We have to take him to the ER.
- Brian stays here.
- I need to operate.
- So do it.
- I don't have everything I need.
- It's dangerous.
- I have faith in you, Ellen.
Why did you come back?
I told you not to come back.
Damn it, he's bleeding out!
Where did you hide my trauma kit?
I need it.
I can't help him without it!
Help Dr. Sanders.
Okay, something went wrong.
Morgan Sanders.
Morgan Sanders,
please come to the ticket counter.
They're here. Let's go.
Hi, I'm Morgan Sanders.
I was just paged?
Just a second.
Do you see them?
No.
Here you go.
They'll catch up with us later?
What is that supposed to mean?
Where are they?
We missed the 2:45 to Montreal.
When's the next bus?
4:10, bus 618.
Okay, uh, two tickets, please.
Take over CPR.
Your hand...
Clear!
CPR and pressure.
Come on. Come on.
Clear!
Still no pulse.
Come back to me, Brian.
Right now.
Right now, damn it!
Clear!
We have a pulse.
Keep applying pressure.
Pull over a floor lamp,
I'm gonna hang an IV bag.
- You reach Archer?
- I left word. Nothing.
It doesn't make any sense.
Mom came to drop off the envelope,
why would she leave?
- I don't know.
- You think she had to pick up Dad?
I have no idea!
Stop asking me questions!
The bullet went through.
That's the good news.
- But it damaged your renal vein.
- Can you fix it?
Yeah, but I need to open you up
to repair the vein
and stop the bleeding.
Okay.
I can give you a local
anesthetic to dull the pain,
but I don't have anything
to put you under.
It's gonna hurt.
Let's...
Let's just get it over with.
We found the kids. Bus station.
Not sure what bus they're on.
Go find 'em. Now.
They're gonna make it.
- Where the hell have you been?
- We need to talk.
When I call you,
you answer the damn phone...
- We got a problem.
- What?
It's about the nurse.
There's a complication...
I know. The Secret Service
is still looking for her.
- They assigned me to the case.
- She's dead, D.
What?
Things didn't work out as planned.
Why didn't you tell me?
'Cause you got enough
on your plate right now.
You said, "The less everybody knows,
the better."
- Protects us all.
- This is different.
What the hell happened?
I was dropping her off
with Malik for safekeeping
when she tried to run.
- Somebody help me! Please!
- Started yelling for help.
So I shot her.
Truth is, I should have killed her
as soon as I got her out of that bar.
Keeping her stashed away
for two weeks...
It never made sense.
It's too risky.
- I don't accept that.
- You're living in a fantasy world, man.
You think we can pull this off
and no one gets hurt?
Impossible.
You don't get to kill the President
and keep your hands clean
at the same time.
- Where's the body?
- In Malik's storage unit.
But the cops'll find it
if we don't move soon.
Malik got busted yesterday
with a kilo of coke.
That's our bus.
It's her.
- Did she see us?
- I don't know.
Okay, let's go.
You gonna do that
all the way to Canada?
We can't leave
without Mom and Dad.
Okay...
We're gonna be okay.
Bus 618, this is dispatch. Pick up.
Dispatch, this is 618.
We've got one more passenger
en route. She won't be long.
She found us, didn't she?
What do we do?
We took out the chips.
How the hell did she find us?
Sir, I just feel like I'm gonna
have a nervous breakdown
if I don't find these kids.
I've only been their nanny for two weeks,
but they hate me.
And the last time they ran away,
I found them here...
So, I was wondering if I could
look at video footage of the loading
areas of the last couple of hours...
- Are you a cop?
- No.
Then, no.
Is this enough to buy me a badge?
- Are you trying to bribe me?
- "Bribe" is such an ugly word.
So is "incarceration."
What's your name?
Hey!
Sandrine Renault?
- Who wants to know?
- I'm a private detective.
You're a tough woman to track down.
So why don't you tell whoever hired you
that you couldn't find me,
- and we'll call it even.
- Can't do that.
- Sure you can.
- Victor expects results. And his money.
I'm a little short.
Oh, sorry to hear that.
We'll take that.
Let's go for a drive.
Sorry. That's the worst of it.
Move that lamp closer.
There's too much blood in the field,
I can't visualize the injury.
Glove up. I need you.
Okay, don't move,
or he'll bleed out.
I know you're in there!
Morgan! I can see the lights on!
Open the door!
Answer the door
before he comes around back.
I'm not finished.
I can't just walk away!
I'll keep holding pressure.
You get rid of the visitor.
- Wait.
- What?
Take off your clothes.
What?
You can't go to the door
covered in blood.
Take them off.
- Now.
- I'm not leaving.
Morgan don't make me wait outside.
Open the door.
Can I help you?
Mrs. Sanders?
It's Boyd, is Morgan home?
Ah, no, no, she isn't.
Morgan! Morgan!
I just told you, she's not here.
Try calling her...
- Excuse me!
- I'm not leaving until I speak to her.
What the hell do
you think you're doing?
I need to talk to her.
- She won't return any of my calls.
- I'm sorry...
Shut your mouth.
Look, I know your husband and I
got off to a rocky start yesterday.
I'm not a bad guy.
I love your daughter.
You just have to give me a chance.
I understand we're young.
And we didn't plan on this.
But with Morgan being
pregnant and all,
I want to take responsibility.
Are you alright, Mrs. Sanders?
You're bleeding.
I... I was trimming
the bushes out back.
I just, I didn't wear my gloves.
That cut looks like
it needs some attention.
Can I get a bandage for you?
No, no. It's fine.
Shh!
I won't be any trouble, I promise.
Don't move.
Is somebody back there?
- It's just... It's our dog.
- Morgan?
Oh, Boyd. Listen to me.
Thank you for being so honest.
It means a lot. I can see why Morgan
cares so much for you.
She told you about me?
Mmm-hmm.
Yeah, she did.
Look, when I was pregnant
with Morgan,
the hormones made me crazy,
just moody and weepy and...
It's normal.
Just give her some time.
She'll call you, she will,
she just needs a bit of space
right now.
Okay, okay, Mrs. Sanders.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
- Tell Morgan...
- I will. I will.
You okay?
Who was at the door?
- Boyd.
- Who's Boyd?
- Don't do that.
- What?
Lie. I know you
talked to him yesterday.
I didn't. I swear.
He told me he came by the house.
It was you.
He thought you were my husband.
Take a break.
You think because you're a beautiful woman
that you're special.
Don't you, Sandrine?
Beautiful women,
they don't have to...
pay their debts.
No. I'll get you your money.
So you've said.
And I believed you.
But I still haven't been paid.
You know what that means?
I'm doing everything I can.
It means you lied to me.
And I don't like to be lied to.
Look, I'm sorry.
I just need a little more time.
We had a business agreement.
I told you, your load was
seized at the border.
Which makes it yours.
You failed to deliver so you bought it.
It won't happen again.
I know.
Please.
Just give me one more chance.
Oh! Sorry.
Sorry. Just give me a sec.
I'm sorry, could you, um...
Could you help me out?
I'm a party planner.
Got this crazy sweet 16 coming up.
Mariachi bands.
Pinatas filled with gift cards.
I was lucky to even get a
cake when I was a teenager.
Thanks so much.
No problem.
That's a really pretty Oriental.
Is it vintage?
It was my grandmother's.
Oh, so you wouldn't be interested
in selling it, would you?
No.
And I'm running a little late, so...
You have a good afternoon.
Yeah, I've got the body.
Okay.
I'm gonna get you some more
antibiotics tomorrow.
Thank you.
Where do you think they are now?
Some place far away. Safe.
Why did you come back?
You could be with them right now.
And you'd be dead.
I was prepared for that.
I know.
You thought if you told me
about Samantha,
you could make me hate you
and I would just go.
Yeah. Yeah.
You hurt me, Brian.
But when he shot you,
I couldn't just walk away.
I had to come home.
You're my husband.
We're a family.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
- Let's go.
- Hey!
What are you doing?
- I said let's go.
- Ow! You're hurting me!
Leave her alone.
- Where are we going?
- You tried to escape.
It's time to pay for that.
No, no, no!
Where's my wife?
Where are your kids?
We're here.
Get out.
Take a look around,
there's nowhere to run.
No one can hear
you scream out here.
Start digging.
Your girlfriend is wondering where you are.
You're gonna have to call her.
Look, my side is killing me.
Could I have something for the pain,
please?
- No.
- Look at me.
I've been shot.
Come on, I'm tied up.
Sometimes life isn't fair.
Is that...
Is that why you're doing this?
Because life isn't fair?
Is it a political thing?
Not exactly.
Then what?
Why are you doing it?
You have children? You married?
I was just trying to protect my family.
You'd do the same thing,
if you were in my shoes.
Maybe. But I'm not.
Please,
I just need something for the pain.
I'll get us some sandwiches,
water, chips.
I want to go home.
Jake, we've been through this already.
You know what, you want to live
with the friggin' Mounties, be my guest.
But I am getting a ticket home.
You're my responsibility now!
So you have to do what I say!
Dream on.
What do you think
you're gonna find at home?
Mom and Dad!
We escaped.
Mom and Dad didn't.
Jake! They could be dead!
I'm sorry.
You are not in charge of me.
Fine.
Suit yourself.
It's the best I can do.
You didn't bring a glass for yourself?
Not thirsty.
How long you been sober?
Takes a lot of guts
to stay on the wagon.
That kind of strength,
it's very admirable.
Yeah.
A guy like you,
you're better than the others.
You don't belong in this mess.
Drink your drink.
Please. Just call the cops.
You want to do the right thing,
I know you do.
- Stop playing me.
- I'm not.
You don't know a damn thing
about me.
You don't even know the first thing
about your own family.
Look at your kids.
Open your eyes.
Your son, he's dealing weed.
That's why he got his ass kicked.
You've reached the Sanders residence.
Please leave a message.
Mom, Dad, it's me.
Morgan said...
I just really wanted to talk to you,
- make sure you're okay.
- Please. Let me talk to him!
I should've stayed.
Morgan made me leave,
that was a mistake.
I'm really sorry.
Hey, Jake. Where are you?
I want to talk to my parents.
Gonna have to come home
for that, kid.
Are they still alive?
Of course.
I was just talking to your dad.
Jake? You still there?
You're lying to me.
Come on, man, that's not true.
You can trust me.
Don't even think about it.
What?
You were going to call home,
weren't you?
No. I wasn't.
Okay, well, we have to go.
You coming?
- Yeah?
- Where have you been?
What?
I left you half a dozen messages.
Didn't you get them?
Yeah. Yeah, sorry, I was just
following up on some leads.
I found the kids.
How?
The son Jake called.
I traced it to a payphone
at a rest stop in Pikesville.
Got it.
You don't have to do this.
You bury me,
then you can't kill the President.
You need me.
There's always a back-up plan.
I... I'm sorry that we...
Morgan and Jake are kids.
They don't deserve this.
We told them to run!
Mmm-hmm.
Full moon.
I read somewhere that
emergency room visits
skyrocket during full moons.
I heard this story once
about this resident doing
an E.R. rotation
on a night like this.
It's a crazy shift.
Stabbings, gunshot wounds,
car crashes...
And a girl...
beaten so badly,
her jaw was broken.
She had been raped.
Nineteen years old.
She met a guy at a party,
seemed nice enough...
Until he wasn't.
But she fought back hard.
Hard enough that the cops
had to take him to the E.R.
before they booked him.
What happened next
is a little unclear.
It seems the rapist somehow broke free.
Went after the resident.
So she grabbed a scalpel
and she killed him.
That's not.
what happened.
The cops were in the hall.
All you had to do was open
the door and yell for help.
You watched him bleed to death.
You chose to let him die.
No.
After what he did to that helpless,
innocent girl, who could blame you?
You wanted him to pay.
Say it, Ellen.
He deserved to die...
didn't he?
Say it!
Yes. Yeah.
And so does the President.
What?
That's why we chose you
for this project.
We needed a killer.
Someone who could
actually take a life.
You've dug deep enough.
Kneel down.
No, please don't do this.
Close your eyes.
Please don't do this.
For God's sake, just get it over with!
Oh! Oh, please.
You sick bastard!
Bury her.
You heard me. I said bury her.
You can torture me
as much as you want.
It doesn't matter.
'Cause my kids got away.
They're safe.
So...
I win.
Oh.
It's okay.
We're going to be okay.
I love you.
I'm so scared.
The girlfriend's been texting him
all night.
What do you wanna do?
- Hey.
- Ow.
Careful.
What happened?
Ask her.
Your boyfriend came by again.
Get rid of him. For good.
Or I will.
Okay... Please don't hurt him.
Do it tonight and I won't have to.
Take it easy with the kids, huh?
There's no reason to rough 'em up,
you hear me?
The idea was to get them back, right?
I want fifty thousand dollars by tomorrow.
That's my number.
I'm not gonna negotiate.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
You should see the other guy.
What happened?
Got it, none of my business.
Money problems.
Sorry.
Anything I can do?
No.
But thanks for asking.
I'm so glad you finally called.
I'm gonna take care of you, okay?
It's not gonna work out with us, Boyd.
We have to break up.
I don't love you.
You don't mean that.
I do.
I could never marry
someone like you.
You're just not...
What? Hmm?
Good enough?
Yes.
Hey, Samantha. It's Brian.
I'm sorry I didn't call sooner.
I, uh, was in a car accident.
Nothing serious, but I'm
gonna be out for a few days.
Uh, um, I'm not in Canada.
I'll explain it all later,
I just... Just don't worry
about me, all right?
I miss you.
And, uh...
I love you.
Nice job, Romeo,
that was word for word.
Hold it right there.
Keep your hands where
I can see 'em!
- What's going on?
- Hands!
What's going on?
We got weapons.
You're under arrest.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be
used against you in a court of law.
Get him out of here.
- Yeah.
- We found your guy.
Good.
Yeah, the guns were in the trunk.
Hell of a load, too.
- Glad it worked out.
- Thanks for the tip.
Sync and corrected by Elderfel
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org